How to connect to server drive (WebDAV) on a local Windows computer ? Meta Title: How to Connect to Server Drive (Web Dav) on a Local Windows Computer? Meta Description: Learn how to connect to a server drive (WebDAV) on your local Windows computer with our step -by-step guide. Access files seamlessly and boost productivity. After the A ce support team completes the WebDAV configuration and shares the confirmation with you, follow the steps below to connect to a server drive on your local Windows PC using File Explorer's built -in functionality. Learn how to connect to a server drive (WebDAV) on your local Windows computer with a simple step -by-step guide: 1. Go to This PC on your local computer. 2. From the top menu bar, select Computer. 3. Click Map network drive . 4. Select any drive except the internal drive and paste the server link provided to you in the Folder dialog box. For example: . 5. Check the box for Reconnect at sign -in and click Finish . 6. Once you click Finish , you will be connected to your server and asked to enter your login credentials to finish WebDAV setup. Note: Make sure to select Remember my credentials option. Benefits: Here’re the 3 benefits of connecting server drive (WebDAV) on a local Windows computer: • Increased Productivity: Direct access to the server disc enables quicker file retrieval and sharing, reducing the time spent looking for files and boosting productivity overall. • Collaboration and File Sharing: Sharing files and collaborating with others is made simple by connecting to a server disc. The server's simultaneous access and editing by several users promote practical cooperation and simplified file sharing. • Remote Access: WebDAV enables remote access to your data and ensures workplace flexibility by connecting you to the server disc from any location with an internet connection. Conclusion: You can benefit from improved file access, collaboration, and data security by connecting to a server disc (WebDAV) from your local computer. This will eventually improve your workflow and productivity. If you’re still having trouble connecting to a server drive (WebDAV) and need more help, feel free to contact us at +1-855-223-4887 .