How to Publish Remote App on a Local Computer? Meta Title: How to Publish Remote App on a Local Computer? Meta Description : Discover how to publish a remote app on your local computer with our easy - to-follow guide. Access and utilize remote applications effortlessly. Boost productivity now! After the Ace team configures the remote app on the server, you can follow the steps below to configure the remote app on your local computer as it will allow you to access the application directly from your local computer using a shortcut, instead of having to access the entire server. Learn how to publish remote apps on a local computer by following the below given steps : 1. Go to the Control Panel on your local computer. 2. Search and select RemoteApp and Desktop Connections . 3. Click on Access RemoteApp and desktops . 4. Type /RDWeb/Feed/webfeed.aspx in the Email address or connection URL box and click Next . 5. Enter your credentials to finish publishing remote apps on your local computer. 6. The Wizard will complete automatically and will give you a success message as shown below. 7. Click on Finish and select View resources as highlighted in screenshot below: 8. Now, you will see the QuickBooks icon. Create a shortcut on the user desktop as mentioned below: Benefit s: Here’re the 4 benefits of publishing remote app on a local computer: • Accessibility: You can use a published remote app from your local computer, regardless of location. This allows mobile access to essential apps, flexible collaboration, and remote work. • Efficiency and Convenience: Having a remote app published eliminates the need to install and maintain the app on several devices. You can easily access it using your personal computer. • Resource Optimization : When you publish a remote app, you can use the server's or another machine's resources to free up processing power on your local system. For apps that need a lot of help, this is very advantageous. • Enhanced Security: By publishing a remote app, you reduce the chance of data loss because the program and its data stay on the server or other distant workstations. Conclusion : Increase flexibility, convenience, resource optimization, and security in your workplace by publishing remote software on your local computer. This boosts output and lowers costs. If you’re still having trouble publishing remote app on a local computer and need more assistance, feel free to contact us at +1-855-223-4887.